added Contributing to readme (#33)
elkowar/eww: README.md

# Usage

Create a Config and then just do `eww`!

<a id="org12345"></a>

# Contributing

> If you wan't to contribute, like adding new widgets, features or subcommands, you should definitly do so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to contribute, like adding new widgets, features or subcommands, you should definitly do so.
```

Author: broo i am fucking stupid

> Fork this repo install dependencies ([Prerequisites](#org727b3da)) smash your head on the keyboard from frustration and open a pull request, once you're finished.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Steps
1. Fork this repo
2. install dependencies ([Prerequisites](#org727b3da))
3. smash your head against the keyboard
4. open a pull request once you're finished.
```
